Norm Find Puzzle Partners (Final title to be determined"

Game has a Previously button on the main menu
This game is about Norm telling people the good news about the puzzle palace

ffmpeg -i 0001-0180.webm -c:v libvpx -b:v 1M -c:a libvorbis  0001-0180fixed.webm

Al's Theme:
I am Al | An exceptional guy
People who like puzzles | We should crucify
Do you like puzzles? | I'm not a fan
I Dunk on puzzles | as much as I can
I am Al | An exceptional guy
Puzzles do not | deserve my stimuli
I am Al | and I am callous
I gain power from the Aurora Borealis

GAME START (Na = Narrator):
	Scene: Al walking in the woods
	Na: "Al was an going for a walk in the woods after getting kicked out of a puzzle store"
	Al's Theme Song plays
	Al: "Boy what a great day. I got kicked out of another puzzle store after telling the truth about how dumb puzzles are. The look on their faces was great!"
	Na: "Al continues his walk of triumph"
	DRAMTIC WALK for like 5 seconds
	Na: "A sudden chill goes down your spine."
	Scene: Norm on the ahead of you
	Na: "You look up and sees someone down the sidewalk. He looks like a normal man but then why did you have a chill?"
	"What will you do?"
		Freeze
		Keep walking
		Dunk on puzzles
	Scene: You start to hear a dreadful speech. Almost like a poem but it fills you with dread and a little anticipation.
	"What will you do??"
		**Run
		**Run!
		**Dunk on puzzles while running
	Scene: The speech gets louder. You don't know what you're running from but you don't want to know
	Scene: The speech stops.
	Na: With the sudden silence you wonder if you escaped
	...
	Norm (whisper): "I am Norm and I have no malice. Come and join me in my palace"
	Scene: Goes black
	Scene: You wake up in a tunnel. The words 'Puzzle Palace' are written in a concerning red color on the wall
	Al: What's going on? Where am I?? Let me out of here! Did a jealous puzzle simp kidnap me?
	Na: You see a table with a strange metal box on it
	What will you do?
		Inspect the box
		Dunk on puzzles
			You say ""
			Na: You chuckle with an immense feeling of satisfaction
			(Repeat question without dunk option) 
		Wander a random direction down the tunnel
			You wonder down the tunnel and see another table with a strange metal box on it
			(Repeat the question)
	Na: You inspect the box and a panel on the top lights up
	Will you press it?
		Yes
		No
			Time passes and nothing happens. Yet doing nothing will not provide a way out
			(Repeat the question)
	(Start simon says)
	Na: You finish the puzzle and you are filled with a sense of accomplishment.
	Al: Ha, that was easy! This is why puzzles are for normies. They are too easy.
	What will you do now?
		Do the puzzle again
			Repeat game
		Walk down the tunnel
	Na: You walk down the tunnel
	Scene: You hear an odd chanting in the distance
	
Na: "You stumble upon a maze. You can feel it drawing you in."
Na: "What will you do? Enter the maze. Dunk on Puzzles"
